my name is rafid Hussein Al a resident
of Rafa I live near the area where
displaced people from Gaza are taking
Refuge they don't have cooking gas no
water they have nothing they live in
tents I welcomed them into her home and
I have built them a mud oven I provide
them with portable
water there is no other place where we
can bake oven wood is expensive and not
always available but we come to the
house of Al Aja and we bake at the house
we don't have any utensils Allah bless
them they gave us what we need they gave
us water as well we bake our bread there
and I personally cook there I hope this
anguish is removed and this war comes to
an end so we can return to our homes and
I hope we can invite everyone who stood
by our side and supported us
too
I have been displaced from Gaza to Rafa
we have tents at montaza and we bake
bread at our neighbors Al arja family of
course it's been difficult it took a
while until we found flour to bake the
situation is tragic and unlike what one
would imagine thanks to God we found
these people who welcomed us into their
home not just us but also all others
this oven can be used for free by all
the people in this neighborhood the AL
are well known for their kindness and we
have been fortunate to come across
them make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer